[docs] Remove confusing example data (#9912)
expo/expo: docs/pages/distribution/advanced-release-channels.md

| 2018-01-05T23:55:04.603Z  |  1.0.0 | 36.0.0 |  ios | production | 80b1ffd7-4e05-4851-95f9-697e122033c3  |
| 2018-01-04T22:43:19.302Z  |  1.0.0 | 36.0.0 |  ios | production | d6b61741-a8dc-11e9-852a-3b0715b88238 |

## Rollback a channel entry

Example use case: you published a release to your `production` channel, only to realize that it includes a major regression for some of your users, so you want to revert to the previous version.

> Continuing from the previous section, we rollback our `production` channel entry for all platforms with `expo publish:set`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuing from the previous section, we rollback our `production` channel entry for just the iOS platform with `expo publish:set`
```

`expo publish:set --release-channel production --publish-id d6b61741-a8dc-11e9-852a-3b0715b88238`

> We could accomplish the same thing more succinctly with publish:rollback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, we could rollback the `production` channel entry for both iOS and Android with:
```

| publishedTime  | appVersion  | sdkVersion  | platform  | channel  | publicationId  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 2018-01-04T22:43:19.302Z  |  1.0.0 | 36.0.0 |  ios | production | d6b61741-a8dc-11e9-852a-3b0715b88238 |

> | 2018-01-04T22:43:46.714Z  |  1.0.0 | 36.0.0 |  android | production | 43d89652-a8dc-11e9-b565-4586c71668b9 |

Reviewer: We keep this included to show that `expo publish:rollback --release-channel production --sdk-version 36.0.0` affects both platforms. We also state that we want to rollback for "all platforms," so if we want to change this to only include iOS in the table, then we should:

- edit this line- https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/9912/files#diff-babae4a4617e471f68965410d3253494R68
- explicitly state that `expo publish:rollback --release-channel production --sdk-version 36.0.0` will affect both android and ios unless one is specified with `--platform`

Author: I'm okay to keep the android line in the tabular output.  Removing the command that references it (the `expo publish:set ...` for the android push) is really the important thing to do.
